README.md, before:


# Gulp MJML

Add MJML to your gulp workflow!

## Usage:

> With an MJML file named `test.mjml`, render your emails to an html folder:

```javascript
var gulp = require('gulp')
var mjml = require('gulp-mjml')

gulp.task('default', function () {
  return gulp.src('./test.mjml')
    .pipe(mjml())
    .pipe(gulp.dest('./html'))
})
```

> If you have custom components linked to your own `mjmlEngine`, you can pass it to the gulp task so it uses your engine to render the html:

```javascript
var gulp = require('gulp')
var mjml = require('gulp-mjml')

// Require your own components if needed, and your mjmlEngine (possibly with options)
// require('./components')
var mjmlEngine = require('mjml')

gulp.task('default', function () {
  return gulp.src('./test.mjml')
    .pipe(mjml(mjmlEngine, {minify: true}))
    .pipe(gulp.dest('./html'))
})
```

> If you'd like to get validation errors and , use `strict` and a custom error handler function:

```javascript
var gulp = require('gulp')

var mjml = require('gulp-mjml')
var mjmlEngine = require('mjml')

function handleError (err) {
  console.log(err.toString());
  this.emit('end');
}

gulp.task('default', function () {
  return gulp.src('./test.mjml')
    .pipe(mjml(mjmlEngine, {validationLevel: 'strict'}))
    .on('error', handleError)
    .pipe(gulp.dest('./html'))
})
```

Commit message:

Add documentation warning in case of using strict

README.md, after:


# Gulp MJML

Add MJML to your gulp workflow!

## Usage:

> With an MJML file named `test.mjml`, render your emails to an html folder:

```javascript
var gulp = require('gulp')
var mjml = require('gulp-mjml')

gulp.task('default', function () {
  return gulp.src('./test.mjml')
    .pipe(mjml())
    .pipe(gulp.dest('./html'))
})
```

> If you have custom components linked to your own `mjmlEngine`, you can pass it to the gulp task so it uses your engine to render the html:

```javascript
var gulp = require('gulp')
var mjml = require('gulp-mjml')

// Require your own components if needed, and your mjmlEngine (possibly with options)
// require('./components')
var mjmlEngine = require('mjml')

gulp.task('default', function () {
  return gulp.src('./test.mjml')
    .pipe(mjml(mjmlEngine, {minify: true}))
    .pipe(gulp.dest('./html'))
})
```

> If you'd like to get validation errors and , use `strict` and a custom error handler function. _Note that using `strict` will not render the file in case of error_:

```javascript
var gulp = require('gulp')

var mjml = require('gulp-mjml')
var mjmlEngine = require('mjml')

function handleError (err) {
  console.log(err.toString());
  this.emit('end');
}

gulp.task('default', function () {
  return gulp.src('./test.mjml')
    .pipe(mjml(mjmlEngine, {validationLevel: 'strict'}))
    .on('error', handleError)
    .pipe(gulp.dest('./html'))
})
```
